hey guys so today I'm going to be doing
a room tour so yeah let's get right into
it so first I'll just do a little
overview
so now let's get started with the tour
okay so starting at my door we just have
my white door with some bags and
sweatshirts hanging from this little
hanger my grandpa painted for me when I
was like a newborn so yeah nothing too
exciting there then as you can probably
already tell I'm just a little obsessed
with stuffed animals so on this ladder I
have a bunch of them and it leads up
into another little loft room up in the
attic and I guess I'll do a tour of that
someday so anyway in this half of my
room we have my bed which is just
basically a pink zebra print theme and
you can see I have a lot more stuffed
animals there and some trophies and
crowns and all that good stuff now over
here next to my bed is my nightstand
nothing way too interesting there just a
clock and some more stuffed animals and
then here we just have these mirror
decorations that say live laugh love
then over here is Mike lot mo one of my
closets and this closet has some posters
of my wonderful husband josh hutcherson
and speaking of him there's a beautiful
cardboard cutout of him right here he's
wearing a couple of my sashes and this
beautiful beanie and we're just the
cutest couple we used my baby ok so then
over here my dresser just got some
little decorations up there my bath and
body works hand sanitizers gummi bear
lamp this a speaker and yeah just some
random drunk and as you can see there's
a decal arrow that says a girl should be
two things classy and fabulous a quote
by Coco Chanel then I just have clothes
in there then here's a wall decal of a
basketball player because I play
basketball with my name
Taylor and yeah then I still have a
Christmas tree up I'm going to turn it
into a Valentine's Day tree for the
month of februari so yeah and then just
a rug then over here we have my best
friend a giant panda and Pikachu yep
beautiful then we get into the second
half of my room with my TV and a little
entertainment center then I just have my
tripod there there's a keep calm and
carry on decal then these little storage
bins with what a coincidence so more
stuffed animals these are all beanie
boos then I'm not really going to show
this area because you know that's just a
cat litter box and trash can so that's
really ugly but yeah then I have another
little dresser type thing all of my
basketball stuff is in that bottom one
and up here I have pajamas then I just
have a bunch of cute little decorations
lots of hello kitty yep just a lot of
quirky little things then up here more
stuffed animals yep I make a point to
display them and then here is my desk
with my computer some pencils some
decorations and there's my chair God
will use nice little drawers then over
here there's another one of these are
muah things and again there's just a
couple of cabinets and then some little
decorations and pictures of me and my
friends then over here is my second
closet it's just a small closet where I
keep all my jackets and stuff and then
this is my vanity with more stuffed
animals on top and I just have these two
closets on either side and in each one I
just have some stuff like I have
vos and some perfume then I just have
makeup wipes makeup bags all that stuff
and a little billboard and then on the
other side have some lotions some
pallets and all my hair products then
another billboard with some stuff on it
and just some stuff hanging from these
little I don't know it's call them
little hangers then is my actual vanity
where I do my makeup I have this mirror
all my baby lips are in that little
container there some hand sanitizer this
little makeup caddy thing with my name
on it that's where I keep like my
brushes eyeliners all this great stuff
and just a brush my Hot Tools my curling
wand and my straightener then there is
some more makeup in here and yeah that
is basically my room over here just my
jewelry storage and the light so yeah
that is my room and I really hope you
guys enjoyed this tour please keep in
mind this is not to brag or show off in
any way I just know that people like to
watch these kinds of videos so yeah
thank you so much for watching see you
next time